foto matemalas go to sherry there will be in do
josé alberto r
it's normal mari carmen each other in the clothes the players were moving to
standing to warm up with 80 a bad scene and look you have to be
change said emelec with the captain
accompanied by the captain by claudio pizarro santiaguito to train with the
selection
President
of the Republic
and besides the surpluses, therefore 77 toulalan who suffered in the matter to the
have to face serious failures víctor casadesús capitalism few
that itself and do not have many reality the president of the athlete what
We always wanted to go running in the military school of chorrillos from
the conflict competed
in the military pentathlon
also in athletics
if an athlete the president the republic is not taken
since the one side
but added that all san fernando trapero first milestone that all surrender
before the granada and córdoba for valero
the quadriceps command
so that the problem with work
with real progress they were already passing
the players one by one before the practice to sign
the shirt that went back to 2 shirts one for him
Mena for his lady for anyone the trip was welcomed by a human failure and
you threaten images
which they were signing each of them the capital and the lawyer those not
the days because the players celebrated the signature to her enchanted of
life in doubt but also endowed with equator would be losing
disappear
salt pool all this is not logical that who intends to remove them to 28
players this call
sign the shirt of Peru
to give it to the president and his wife
but the vargas state who
the president also said that we are already tired of not going to a world cup and
that Peru has to go end hosty stable all that declared the president of the
republic without a doubt
we love to hear it since some
we do not take from brown has lost the warming moment we see
you have to take it into account what you put pants the archer the archers
obviously that couple of weeks
Fini terra com use to avoid any kind of bumps and injuries go
protecting
they are setting apart they start the training that of course the
calistenia the warming the players well followed by a little
more in a stretch tito go touching ball delivery recreationally drift
Claudio pizarro
to deliver to the president of the republic
the people the shirt this time the president will come out
even though
a detail to
the president trained
with a shirt
to the selected wing but to know what the president was he does not have
the president has no ponce repellent white with red but the consortium
the Peruvian soccer team
there are up
to claudio pizarro
Between andrea the t shirt
Players
so in a big circle
some only a trip to the president a slow fire in the euro area that
makes them dare to make a band or not, but from here to the end of
year
we want everyone to get there but
were going to go allies at the beginning was the ball because he has played
you saw the campaign share things in very interesting taco we are seeing
as we have been saying
the warming is on a side the president
pérez at the same level as everyone cosquín until ctc act at work
there is a bit of skype according to what was published for the first time
a little
of isometric strength
there he is doing the work and lean on apia samoa and vargas
the president is supported for
to stretch the Juarenses
the president as one more
there is also supported
but also partners would be the doctor
safe
already in the trot the president of the entity
the president forward crazy vargas as always getting vice
I think costco seems that the 'crazy' vargas 12 minutes the epe
they did the same before the American Cup
and the
announced that there is no better time as it is
the polo senator told the court that I'm fat and I'm testimony and
will show part of the city that looks like
I think of muscle mass more than
more than fat
or something to smell or not
the team leader
work
d the training